Intervals and interval arithmetic (#1497)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/order-theory/closed-intervals-total-orders.lagda.md

                    ( inl-disjunction
                      ( tr (_≤ x) (commutative-min _ _) minba≤x ,
                        tr (x ≤_) (commutative-max _ _) x≤maxba)))
                ( cover-closed-interval-cover-of-four-elements-first-is-smallest-Total-Order
                  ( X)
                  ( d)
                  ( b)
                  ( c)
                  ( a)
                  ( tr (_≤ b) min=d min≤b)
                  ( tr (_≤ c) min=d min≤c)
                  ( tr (_≤ a) min=d min≤a)
                  ( x)
                  ( tr
                      ( _≤ x)
                      ( interchange-law-min-Total-Order X a b c d ∙
                        ap-binary min
                          ( commutative-min _ _)
                          ( commutative-min _ _) ∙
                        commutative-min _ _)
                      ( min≤x) ,
                    tr
                      ( x ≤_)
                      ( interchange-law-max-Total-Order X a b c d ∙
                        ap-binary max
                          ( commutative-max _ _)
                          ( commutative-max _ _) ∙
                        commutative-max _ _)

>                       ( x≤max)))))

Reviewer: You use this lemma twice in this proof, would it be worthwhile to factor to a second lemma?

```agda
module order-theory.closed-intervals-total-orders where
```

<details><summary>Imports</summary>

```agda
open import foundation.action-on-identifications-binary-functions
open import foundation.action-on-identifications-functions
open import foundation.binary-transport
open import foundation.dependent-pair-types
open import foundation.disjunction
open import foundation.function-types
open import foundation.functoriality-disjunction
open import foundation.identity-types
open import foundation.inhabited-subtypes
open import foundation.injective-maps
open import foundation.propositions
open import foundation.sets
open import foundation.subtypes
open import foundation.transport-along-identifications
open import foundation.unions-subtypes
open import foundation.universe-levels

open import order-theory.closed-intervals-posets
open import order-theory.posets
open import order-theory.total-orders
```

</details>

## Idea

A
{{#concept "closed interval" disambiguation="in a total order" Agda=closed-interval-Total-Order}}
in a [total order](order-theory.total-orders.md) `X` is a
[subtype](foundation.subtypes.md) of `X` with elements `x` and `y` with `x ≤ y`

> such that the subtype contains every element `z` such that `x ≤ z ∧ z ≤ y`. (We
> choose the convention of not considering the empty subtype to be a closed
> interval.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
such that the subtype contains every element `z` such that `x ≤ z ∧ z ≤ y`. Note, in particular, that we thus consider closed intervals to be inhabited by convention.
```

                  ( λ (mindb≤x , x≤maxdb) →
                    inr-disjunction
                      ( inl-disjunction
                        ( tr (_≤ x) (commutative-min _ _) mindb≤x ,
                          tr (x ≤_) (commutative-max _ _) x≤maxdb)))
                  ( λ (mindc≤x , x≤maxdc) →
                    inr-disjunction
                      ( inr-disjunction
                        ( tr (_≤ x) (commutative-min _ _) mindc≤x ,
                          tr (x ≤_) (commutative-max _ _) x≤maxdc))))
                ( λ (minba≤x , x≤maxba) →
                  inl-disjunction
                    ( inl-disjunction
                      ( tr (_≤ x) (commutative-min _ _) minba≤x ,
                        tr (x ≤_) (commutative-max _ _) x≤maxba)))
                ( cover-closed-interval-cover-of-four-elements-first-is-smallest-Total-Order
                  ( X)
                  ( d)
                  ( b)
                  ( c)
                  ( a)
                  ( tr (_≤ b) min=d min≤b)
                  ( tr (_≤ c) min=d min≤c)
                  ( tr (_≤ a) min=d min≤a)
                  ( x)
                  ( tr
                      ( _≤ x)

>                       ( interchange-law-min-Total-Order X a b c d ∙
>                         ap-binary min
>                           ( commutative-min _ _)
>                           ( commutative-min _ _) ∙
>                         commutative-min _ _)
>                       ( min≤x) ,
>                     tr
>                       ( x ≤_)
>                       ( interchange-law-max-Total-Order X a b c d ∙
>                         ap-binary max
>                           ( commutative-max _ _)
>                           ( commutative-max _ _) ∙
>                         commutative-max _ _)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                      ( ( interchange-law-min-Total-Order X a b c d) ∙
                        ( ap-binary min
                          ( commutative-min _ _)
                          ( commutative-min _ _)) ∙
                        ( commutative-min _ _))
                      ( min≤x) ,
                    tr
                      ( x ≤_)
                      ( ( interchange-law-max-Total-Order X a b c d) ∙
                        ( ap-binary max
                          ( commutative-max _ _)
                          ( commutative-max _ _)) ∙
                        ( commutative-max _ _))
```
